# Telos Profile


## Tables


### platforms
List of known platforms. Users will be able to register links to their profiles on this platforms, this platforms must be preloaded.

Fields:
- id: 64bits
- unique name: string (e.g.: facebook, twitter, instagram, telegram)
- link global counter: number


### profiles
The idea of this table is to represent for each user, a unique profile with a unique alias, this alias beign a string is way more expresive than an EOSIO account name, but most importantly this profile will allow links to other social platforms to be registered and have other users witness them, that way providing a decentraliced multi-level KYC solution.

- id: 64bits
- owner: account name
- alias: string 
**NEW**
- points: 1 + weighted sum of the points of each link registered by the profile
- kyclevel: integer. floor(log2(this.points)). Same number as points but expresed in log scale. Has no upper bound.


### links
- id: 64bits 
- platform: 64bits platform id
- url: link to an external platform or website page related with this profile
- proof: link to a specific publication in which apears the auto-generated proof token.
- token: auto-generated proof token
**NEW**
- points: total sum of the profile scores witnessing this link.
- witnesses: std::vector<uint64_t>  link id list of profiles that witnessed this link.


## Actions

- addplatform: add new platform to global platform list
- addprofile: add new profile for an account
- chgprofile: update profile alias, as long as the alias ins't in use
- addlink: register profile link
- chglink: change url of an existing link, this resets link points & witnesses
- witness: a profile witnesses a link of another profile. The former must be added to the link witnesses list. If the list is full, the new witness must replace the witness with the lowest score in case its score its superior. Then the link owner score is recalculated.
- updpoints: recalculates the total points & kyc level of a profile. Performs weighted sum on each profile link, taking in account the global platform counters. The minimum value is 1. KYC level is floor(log2(points)).
- updlinkpts: iterate over witness link and recalculate link points.


### remove
purgeprofile: no need for this as profiles cant be deleted


## Notes
We need to make an extensive list of posible link platforms to determine if its posible to store the names using an EOSIO account name instead of a string.


## Uncertainties:
A user must be able to have more witnesses has his KYC rating goes up, but the mechanism is still not fleshed out.
